John
Oct 25, 2025
Sprint 3
-----------------
Author of code: Caleb
Code under review: All of the Collision code for readability
Review took about ~15 minutes (forgot to check time so might be completely off)

There's a lot going on for all the collision, but the comments for the methods do a decent job at concisely explaining the code's function.
The names for the Collision classes (the commands are fine) are a bit basic and aren't thatt descriptive. I'm not sure if they necessarily 
need to be much more descriptive, but when I was first reading through the code I got a little mixed up with the naming of the classes, it 
definitely doesn't help that they all start with Collision. I think all of the commands are immediately understandable, which is kind of in 
part of being a command.

Author of code: Lupine
Code under review: Pickup and Potion for code quality
Review took about 5 minutes

Ignoring the parts that are commented as in progress or unfinished, the code quality seems good. I like that the usage of abstract classes 
allows for the creation of seperate "Pickups" based on the structure of the Pickup class. The classes are fairly simple, though there will 
definitely be functional differences in the future as we have the pickups probably mostly be inventory items. Not an issue or something that 
would take effort to change, but I think that it'd probably be good to make it so the size of the pickup isn't necessarily set or at least 
have a constructor where the size could be changed. Since our game isn't grid based (the only grid based usage is for tile mapping), we don't
need to have pickups be a set size. Anyways, code seems fine for what's currently there and I like how it's set up for more in the future.



Caleb
Oct 26, 2025
Sprint 3
-----------------
Author of Code: Iris
Code Under Review: Map Parser for Readability
Review time: 3.5 minutes

The function is a behemoth. The comments do a good job of describing each process which is occuring in
the function, but the functions length can make it easy to lose track of what's happening at any point.
The RoomMapToXML function should be broken up into multiple helper functions to improve the cohesion at any
given point during the process. Ideally each function should be around 10-15 lines of code at max to ensure that
at no step during the process is a single function handling too much. It's fine to create more function overhead
if it gives each function a clear single target purpose.


Author of Code: Jesse
Code Under Review: IEnemyBattle along with its heirs
Review time: 5 minutes

The IEnemyBattle Interface is well made in allowing for the battleScene to simply iterate over all the different
enemies and do what they need to do. Along with allowing each specific enemy class to have a short implementation
allowing for it to have high cohesion. Only problem I would argue, is that the IEnemyBattle interface should have more
generic data such as things like the CurrentHealth property being moved into there along with things such as fainted
status and speed; This would allow for enemies to be treated more uniformly, along with further narrowing down the
concrete classes into just showing the differences between the enemies.



Iris
Oct 27, 2025
Sprint 3
-----------------
Author of Code: Caleb
Code Under Review: CollisionObject for Readability
Review time: 5 minutes
DetectCollision has proper comments which describes the method and CollisionObject parameter. The fields are named well, 
but collider could be given a more descriptive name. CollisionDirection is private and so doesn't need documentation
comments, but the logic in the method is a little obscured, and including a ternary in the same line as comparison
operators makes it more obscure. 


Author of Code: John
Code Under Review: ChangeCurrentRoomCommand for code quality
Review time: 5 minutes

The command functions correctly to switch the current room based on cardinals. It is fairly low coupling, although 
it does require a refrence to myGame.RoomMap. The only change I would make for quality would be to move the logic 
from the command into the RoomAtlas class. That would make it more closely follow the command pattern, as an 
individual command shouldn't contain any logic.





Eli
Oct 27, 2025
Sprint 3
-----------------
Author of code: John
Code under review: Map/RoomAtlas.cs
Review took ~20 minutes or so

The code is generally pretty readable. Although, one minor complaint I might have is that a generic "i" variable is used
within the for loops, instead of a bit more descriptive name. I believe that using List<List<RoomMap>> works fine,
(which is basically a jagged 2d array). Although, it may be possible to have a bit more cleaner code if we used something like a
Dictionary<Point, RoomMap> , so we can map a 2d position without us having to worry about managing the rows and columns in the list.
I also noticed that the RoomAtlas(RoomMap startingRoom) constructor seems like it wouldn't work because the atlas field is
never initialized before adding something to the 0-index list. But this would be a simple fix. (Although, this constructor
is never used elsewhere in the project at the moment). I was also unsure why we needed to pass a column to the AddRoom 
and why there's a difference between how columns and rows are handled? But I could be missing something (I did not work 
on any of the room related stuff.)


Author of code: Lupine
Code under review: Characters/Pathing/*.cs
Review took 

The code is very readable. I believe that it is a much better approach to separate the Pathing into a separate set of
classes rather than just keeping it directly inside of each Character (enemy), (which was what I was assuming we would do 
when I originaly wrote the Character classes). This approach allows multiple types of enemies to move around the
map in similar ways without having repetitive code insidde of the Update method of each Character class. However I am not 
sure why TrySetDirection is returned as a boolean... It is just returned as true witin both LinePathing and RandomWalkPathing.
Maybe this is intended for future functionality or a leftover from older code? 

Jesse
Oct 27, 2025
Sprint 3
_________________
Author of Code: Lupine
Code Under Review: IPathingScheme and its heirs
Review time: 3 minutes

Brief classes for a path a character traverses over. I feel a bit confused by the Try Set Direction bool method since 
it returns true always instead of having it be void, but everything seems to be pretty easy to read and understand. 
Update might need a comment to explain what it does for both the random walk pathing and line pathing, but other than 
that each file reads well, and seems to be easy to maintain.


Author of Code: Eli
Code Under Review: Button Component from UI on readability and maintainability
Review time: 5 minutes

The code is a bit hard to read. Everything is compact, but sets up a nice UI button component in creating a button, centering
it's text, setting the output animation, and setting up the command to get said output animation; however, I think that this 
implementation while nice can tightly couple the classes needed since this requires layered children to work. Other than that, 
this is pretty straightforward, but should have some kind of clarification as to what create does as well as what it returns.


Lupine
27 Oct 2025
Sprint 3
--------------------

Author of code: Eli
Reviewing all the UI classes for readability
Review time: 5 minutes

Names are intuitive and descriptive. Code is broken up logically and is easy to trace through. Classes have comments
that describe their function when necessary. My only complaint is that a few more functions could use comments, but
this will be easy to add after functionality is complete. The interface with the command system could also use explaining.

Author of code: Eli
Reviewing all the UI classes for code quality
Review time: 10 minutes

Overall, code quality seems high and elements seem very extendable. There are some choices I don't immediately understand,
such as having commands be elements of their own. But I trust that there are good reasons behind these decisions, and they
don't degrade the quality of the code. Good use of Actions and Events in ButtonComponent.

