John
----------
There was some confusion between Jesse and I on the division of labor over the RPG Battle Mechanics.
I believe the issue there was that Jesse and I needed to communicate more directly on the matter during development, 
which is something I hopefully will improve on to make sure I provide more work for the next sprint.
Otherwise, I think our team still performed pretty well and the team stayed pretty committed to working on the project.


Caleb
---------
Sprint work needs to be more clearly defined so that everyone knows exactly what they need to do and how much
of it needs to be done, by the end of the sprint. Additionally we need to stick harder to sprint deadlines treating
them more as hard goals rather than soft ones lest we fall behind.


Iris
---------
We got a lot done this sprint but a lot of it was completed towards the end of the sprint, rather than the work being more
spread out. We still have a lot to do to turn our game into the RPG we plan, both on the coding and design sides of things,
but I'm still confident our team can get it done.


Eli
---------
I mostly worked on building out the UI framework throughout this sprint in preparation for the RPG battle UI, pause menu, title screen, etc.
So, I was not involved very much with the main group. Additionally, I feel that I did not manage time well and should have communicated
a bit more with John and Jesse who worked on the logic for the RPG battle mechanics, so they could get a clearer understanding
of how we will be tying the state with the UI in the future.


Jesse
_________
This sprint highlighted our current time organization skills as a group, and it did not hold back. We had a good, general 
gameplan for our RPG; however, task management between teammates were lackluster until we clarified with each other in-person 
near the end of the sprint. We also were hit with and held back by massive exams we each had to take care of in our individual
courses leading to our sprint getting rushed to a degree. Other than that, we each completed a lot during this sprint, but 
time and task management will be something our team will be able to clock in and figure out.