Iris
December 10th
Sprint 5
-----------------
Author of Code: Eli
Code Under Review: RectElementFactory for Readability
Time: 10 minutes
Overall, the factory is understandable. There aren't any major issues, and the code is well broken up. 
The only changes I would make to improve readability would be to reduce the number of abbriviated variable names 
and to use variable types instead of the var keyword to better show what type each object is. 

Author of Code: Jessie
Code Under Review: ThemeController
Time: 10 minutes
ThemeController is well written. It has low coupling as it is used only by the GameSoundFactory. If we did want to change
themes later to be able to have an outro or something similar, we would have to make an entirely new method for it. However,
based on what is currently present, that wouldn't take much more logic. 

Caleb
December 10th
Sprint 5
----------------
Author of Code: Iris
Code Under Review: Lock and Key for Code Quality
Time: 1 Minute
The code make use of the command pattern to assist with decoupling which makes it fairly clean. It allows for
the key and the door to separate without having a hard reliance on each other. A potential issue is level of access
which the Door's ID has. By making it a public set, it would be possible to change its ID dynamically which goes
against what I'm assuming atleast is the intended design pattern. Where locks are set once created, and keys are 
made to unlocked them.


Author of Code: John
Code Under Review: Party Member Battle Classes for Readability
Time: 4 Minutes
The code is fairly readable overall though a few changes could be made to improve it further. These primarily
consist of creating a few more helper functions along with altering the levelUp system to not require 9 arguments.
For the helper functions, it seems that a lot of the attack consist of a change in the math of the game then a display
to the user of what math was done. I think by putting these two separate actions into different functions it would
improve the readablitiy of the various special attack and maybe allow for less repeated code. In terms of the levelUP
system 9 arguments makes it hard to know what stats are correlated to which arguments. A potential solution could be
to have the default leveling being it's own function stored in Player. Then specific stat changes are called individually.
This would likely require stats to be a dictionary which I think might be better overall since, playerStats has a lot
of file scope variables as is.

John
December 10th
Sprint 5
-----------------
Author of Code: Eli
Code Under Review: Intialize UI for Readability
Time: 1 minute
Honestly, for how long and messy it is, I think it's fairly readable and clear what each individual part does. I just really
want to recommend using regions comments when you have code that stretches on very long as it can be a lot more difficult to
just look at a long document of code rather than code that is chunked up and hidden away with comments describing it without
them always being visible.

Author of Code: Lupine
Code Under Review: Game States for Code Quality
Time: 5 minutes
I think the code is not bad, it just utilizes the things it needs to interact with which for the most part is UI. not a
readability review, but I do appreciate the use of comments in the longer files and naming seems to be pretty good. This
is probably more due to the nature of UI, but it is rather unsightly to see the wall of code all for one function of
InitializeUI (for both BattleState and MenuState, though I believe Eli did the InitializeUI for BattleState, I may just
be wrong). In fact, I'd probably suggest that the InitializeUI is separated into its own class for each state, just due
to the sheer size of them.