Iris
--------------
I think our team did well this final sprint. We ran into issues with timing and balancing this 
project with other work we had. We could have done a better job spreading our work throughout
the sprint, which was exacerbated by Thanksgiving break. I am still happy with our final 
project. 


Caleb
--------------
This sprint could've gone a lot better than it did. It showed exponential growth with the amount
of work as it reached the end. However I feel like if that started earlier we could've had a far
better showing. We also had to deal with all the work which was compounding from previous sprints
which led to us having less time to polish the project in this sprint. All in all the project was how it was.

Jesse 
--------------
Reflection: This sprint was fairly decent, but rushed by the end as the others have been.
I personally havenÅft been able to get things done for this sprint because of personal matters to which is all on me,
and I believe that our own personal matters have inflicted upon each of us to their respective degrees 
despite the thanksgiving break we all had. I still see it now especially with finals around the corner. 
However, we did communicate with each other about what needed to be finalized for this sprint, 
and I believe we have produced a decent game at the end of it. Had we got more time to develop our game further,
we would have produced a fully polished game; however, I am proud of the game we ended up producing,
and especially proud of the work my teammates have put into the game because their efforts, with a bit of mine,
helped form a game that is of decent quality.

John
-----------
Me personally, I feel like we did a good job this sprint. I know some of my teammates were more anxious especially
towards the end of the sprint, which is definitely an issue I should've addressed. I did a lot of backend work and
some frontend work needed my assistance in implementing it. I didn't want to step on the toes of my frontend teammates
so I tried to work with them and was in a lot of calls together with Eli. In hindsight, I should've implemented the
buttons earlier so as to not worry my fellow teammates as much, but with what I had already set up I was fairly confident
I would be able to quickly put all the pieces together. Still no excuse and it is safer to get it done sooner anyways,
regardless we did end up having a lot of changes for visible functionality happen right at the end, which was not ideal.
Besides that maybe scary hiccup, I think we all contributed a good amount of work and put together something pretty neat.