John
--------------
I feel like we have a tendency as a group to prioritize code quality over functionality. It is nice to have good code quality, 
but we end up falling behind a bit on what functionality we actually need to achieve. Besides this point, I honestly kind of felt
like this Sprint went better than our last ones. I'm not sure if everyone in the group felt the same, but we felt a little less
disorganized in my opinion. Even if we still fell into the issue of falling behind on some parts of work.

Iris
--------------
I think we overall got a lot done this sprint. I think we were a little light on outward facing functionality, but we have a really 
good foundation going into sprint 5 to build off of. We also all had a much better idea of what we would be working on individually, 
as we divided things into tasks and assigned them early on. 

Eli
--------------
I think we did an alright job! I believe that we (or at least John and I) sort of rushed towards the end of the sprint. 
We were trying to combine the UI stuff with the "backend" battle mechanics, and we (or at least I) underestimated the 
amount of work it would take, misjudged what to prioritize (like John said, I believe I prioritized quality over 
functionality), and I did not manage my time well, and all of these factors kinda shot us in the foot at the end. 
I believe that if I had planned time better we would've had a more complete implementation of the battle UI by the 
end of this sprint.

Lupine
--------------
The team got a little caught up in the churn of implementing big systems that were pushed forward after not being
completely implemented in Sprint 3. But there were big accomplishments for this sprint: UI is completed up to polish,
different game states are possible, rudimentary battle logic has been demonstrated, sounds are demonstrated, and 
collision and the map have been enhanced.

Caleb
--------------
There is a bad trend of creating frameworks for systems without applying them along with overplanning features.
As in trying to figure out how the entirety of a system will work before coding it which often leads to no work
being done as it becomes a refactor hell. Additionally we allowed for too many bottlenecks in the project's development.
Felt like this sprint more than any other, people were waiting for other to finish their work, which is no bueno for speedy
development. For this final sprint we gotta get something out the door, something with scuffed code but complete 
is better than something with perfect code but half-finished. 

Jesse
______________
We got a lot done in this sprint; however, there are clear signs of unorganization in terms of time management within the group.
Just like the sprints before, we each rushed to finish what we got at the last second with commits being made heavily during the
last week before the due date (I take accountability since I have been guilty of this the most). Additionally, we have each 
placed pretty heavy tasks onto ourselves, and as Caleb said some of these tasks required other massive tasks to be completed first
(UI for rpg battle scenes being the main one). These long waiting periods bottlenecked our progress, but we did recognize this 
during the last week of the sprint and we each tried to take on more than what we could handle to catch up to where we needed to be.
In the end, I think we got a great foundation for the last sprint; however, we need to just get a small chunk of code down in the 
project, test and fix any issues after (there have been moments where team members including myself have pushed code that was not 
battle tested), then commit and push what we wrote. Step by step.