
Lupine
----------
The team performed adequately this sprint. We were quite a ways off the full functionality goal by the mid-sprint check-in, due to a bit of roughness getting things started and a few blocking issues. However, by the end of the sprint I believe we have completed all or nearly all of the required functionality.

Next sprint we will be sure to hold to the 2/3 mark deadline for functionality. Likewise, we will integrate the full suite of extra processes (code quality analysis, code reviews, and a burndown chart with time estimate).


John
----------
I think the team did pretty well all things considered. We had some early issues with figuring out how to get certain functionality down, but we put in the extra time to try and make it somewhat useful and mantainable for the future. 
We also weren't super clear on the requirements of Sprint 2 and ended up having to rush certain things right at the end, like this reflection.


Iris
----------
The team did well during sprint 2. I think we learned a lot from this sprint to carry forward, and I'm excited to move on to sprint 3. Also, The burnup chart does include some cards in todo that are meant for sprint 3 or are cards related more to game design than code implementation. 


Caleb
----------
The team struggled to start up, but once we got going we sped through pretty quick.
Hopefully that momentum will carry into sprint 3, and we can move from being on our back foot to getting ahead of the curve.
Generally with planning I believe that we struggled with constructing clear lines on who was working exactly on what.
I think by taking more time to plan things out during out weekly meeting we can be far more efficient in future sprints.
Overall I think the project will be fine though. The team gained a lot of skill with monogame this sprint and I think we'll see the reward of that soon.


Eli
----------
I think our team did well, especially considering that this was our first sprint where we collaborated on code. I believe that we may need to work a bit on our communication with each other, since there were definitely times where people weren't sure what they should be working on, or weren't on the same page on how something would work or be implemented. 

Also, we need to get a bit better ensuring that we meet the requirements for each sprint. We can try to improve at that by going through the sprint#.html file and making a checklist of what we specifically have done and specifically still need to do at the start of each meeting, in addition to using our GitHub project tab.

I am looking forward to our next sprint so we can try to address some of these issues! I've definitely have enjoyed working on our game so far and I think that we'll be able to have an Awesome game by the end of the semester.

Jesse
__________
I think our team did pretty well considering the amount of juggling we had to manage in our own individual lives on top of this sprint. 
We only got our game to run during the functionality checkin, but we had slim to none built at that point; however, within a few days,
this team managed to get everything pulled together and then some.

So far, we only had little to go off of, and despite not being able to have our code perfected we figured out every bit of what we 
needed along the way. So going forward from here will be a challenge for certain, but I am excited to face the next Sprints with this 
team as we learn and grow from this sprint onwards.
